Polyglot.Notebook.Docfx.Plugin/README.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->

# ![Polyglot Notebook Docfx Plugin](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bmazzarol/Polyglot.Notebook.Docfx.Plugin/main/notebook-icon-small.png) Polyglot Notebook Docfx Plugin

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD013 -->

[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Polyglot.Notebook.Docfx.Plugin)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Polyglot.Notebook.Docfx.Plugin/)

## Why?

[Docfx](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/)
is a great tool for creating documentation, but it lacks support for
[Polyglot Notebooks](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.dotnet-interactive-vscode)
.
This plugin aims to fill that gap by providing a way to
render
[Polyglot Notebooks](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.dotnet-interactive-vscode)
in [Docfx](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/).

Everything
[supported by Docfx in markdown files](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/docs/markdown.html?tabs=linux%2Cdotnet)
is also supported in Polyglot Notebooks.

## Attributions

[Icons created by juicy_fish](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/construction)

Commit message:

feat: support for hiding cells from docfx

Polyglot.Notebook.Docfx.Plugin/README.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->

# ![Polyglot Notebook Docfx Plugin](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bmazzarol/Polyglot.Notebook.Docfx.Plugin/main/notebook-icon-small.png) Polyglot Notebook Docfx Plugin

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD013 -->

[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Polyglot.Notebook.Docfx.Plugin)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Polyglot.Notebook.Docfx.Plugin/)

## Why?

[Docfx](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/)
is a great tool for creating documentation, but it lacks support for
[Polyglot Notebooks](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.dotnet-interactive-vscode)
.
This plugin aims to fill that gap by providing a way to
render
[Polyglot Notebooks](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.dotnet-interactive-vscode)
in [Docfx](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/).

Everything
[supported by Docfx in markdown files](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/docs/markdown.html?tabs=linux%2Cdotnet)
is also supported in Polyglot Notebooks.

### Hiding Cells

If you want to hide cells from displaying in the final output,
you can use the `hidden-in-docfx` attribute in the cell metadata.

```json
{
  "metadata": {
    "tags": [
      "hidden-in-docfx"
    ]
  }
}
```

This allows you to keep cells in your notebook for setup or notebook only
purposes, but not have them show up in the final docfx output.

## Attributions

[Icons created by juicy_fish](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/construction)
